hey guys I'm here to show you how to use
one of these as a microphone and
cognitive blackout or on your ps3 as a
microphone what you do is plug it in
right here
USB cord jack and you go over to
settings you go down accessory settings
then you go down to audio device
settings you have it set up it should
say do not use go up and up again it'll
say log attack USB microphone if it's
guitar hero then I'll show you that it
works
so here is my examples I'll show you on
call duty black ops and zombies thank
you as you can see shows you right there
yeah I'm like a phone so let's put up if
you start trying to talking to it you
can actually talk
another example would be a little big
planet because when you talk your lips
would actually move so here I'll show
you
hi and then there's another game I'll
show you that
another game we'll show you is so calm
US Navy SEALs confrontation you see by
your name it says that you have a mic
and then when you hold down L - it'll
it'll let you talk so I'll show you
hello and they will respond hopefully
but that's it
I hope you liked the video and if you
have any questions
PM me from youtube if you have a ps3 add
me on PlayStation Network my username is
right there
so
I'm not gonna be like all those people
that tell you to rate comment subscribe
all I wanted to comment so you comment
tell me how my video was and message me
if you have any questions or anything
about it and add me if you have history
my mama told me when I was hatched like
a superstar